
# Website Name : Share A Bite
# [LIVE LINK](https://share-a-bite-b0bdb.web.app)
# [Server Side LINK](https://github.com/PIYAS137/Share_A_Bite_Server_Side)

# Features :
-   #### JWT for security :
    JSON Web Tokens (JWT) are a widely used method for securing communications between a client (in your case, a React project) and a backend server. They are particularly useful in modern web applications because they allow for stateless authentication, meaning the server doesn't need to keep track of session information for each client. When a user logs in or registers, the backend server generates a JWT. This token contains information about the user and possibly some additional data. It is digitally signed using a secret key known only to the server, ensuring its authenticity.For every subsequent request to protected routes or API endpoints, the client includes the JWT in the request header. This signals to the server that the user is authenticated.Its a widely used techlogy for secure an API and its really perform very good. I implement it in my project. JWT is my personally favourite feature in web programming !

-   #### MongoDB for Database :
    MongoDB is a noSQL database and its easy to use, my personaly favourite database system is MongoDB, Its very fast and when i use it with express actually when i create server and connect it its run like zet ! very fast and very storageful database system i have ever used ! MongoDB is better than SQL becasue here data is stored in document type thats why data analysis operation run very fast and its one of the most powerful thing is web development!MongoDB supports sharding, making it suitable for applications with vast amounts of data. MongoDB has a vibrant and active community, which means there are plenty of resources, tutorials, and support available. There's also a rich ecosystem of tools and libraries that work with MongoDB.Its capabilities make it well-suited for a wide range of modern application development scenarios.

-   #### ExpressJs :
    Express.js is a popular web application framework for Node.js. It simplifies the creation of web applications and APIs by providing a set of robust and flexible features for routing, middleware, and HTTP request handling. Express.js is known for its simplicity and is often used for building fast and scalable web applications and RESTful APIs in Node.js. I use it for create my server that connect with database and it get data from database and calculate so many operation that i want to do.Express js is one of the most powerfull framework for web developers ! Express js is a framework of NODE.js. And we all know that node js is very popular and very fast, thats why express become also very fast and thats case express also has some affect. Its not very switable for long project or operations, It handle small operations very fast and easily but large operation its not handle very carefully! But its very fast ! 

-   #### Context API :
    Context API make use provide our state for everywhere! We should know about Prop Drilling. Prop Drilling is one of the most important part of react.js. But prop drilling have some limitation. We know that prop drilling is one way data passinig system. We drill the state from parent to child but we are not able to pass state form children to parent. It we want to do it we should create a function and then call by it. But Context API make this Easy. We create a context and our all state are be a value of this context and then the context is provide for all the components. But here we should be careful that our context is provide form the root. Then the result we are abel to access those all state that we provide by the context from any component ! Context API is such a very powerful feature of React.js. I use this feature in this project !

-   #### Firebase Auth :
    Firebase is a backend system. Firebase Authentication is one of the most useful thing in the web development field. Many large company and corporation are used and using this backend services for authenticate their website ! Firebase mainly provide so many services but one of the most and free useful thing is Firebase Auth. Firebase auth is one of the most strong and useful system. Firebase provide us free auth system for our website. I use Firebase auth in this website for make authenticate the user. I have some private route and if you want to watch or visit those private routes you should be authenticate your identity. I use the Firebase Authentication here! I use email and password and Googgle auth system for this project!

